Introduce `tailwindStylesheet` option to replace `tailwindEntryPoint` (#330)
tailwindlabs/prettier-plugin-tailwindcss: README.md

## Options

### Using with Tailwind CSS v4.0

> When using Tailwind CSS v4 you must specify what CSS file we should use that contains your theme, custom utilities, etc… To do this use the `tailwindStylesheet` option in your Prettier configuration.

Reviewer: Suggested wording, mostly to avoid saying "we should use" — while I get it, that wording feels kind of weird 😅

```suggestion
When using Tailwind CSS v4 you must specify your CSS file entry point, which includes your theme, custom utilities, and other Tailwind configuration options. To do this, use the `tailwindStylesheet` option in your Prettier configuration.
```

Note that paths are resolved relative to the Prettier configuration file.

```json5
// .prettierrc
{
  "tailwindStylesheet": "./resources/css/app.css"
}
```

> 
> Note: this option was previously named `tailwindEntryPoint` it has been renamed to better reflect its purpose.

Reviewer: I kind of think that we can just remove this.

```suggestion
```
